- My name is Mimi.
- Mimi!
- Yeah.
- I wouldn't be surprised if
you, like, huffed spraypaint
or some crazy-ass shit.
("In the Hall of the Mountain
King" by Edvard Grieg)
I'm Rayne!
Hoo, hah, heh!
I've done ecstacy,
molly, and like, shrooms?
Yeah, I smoke the fuck outta weed,
I smoked before I came here.
(Rayne laughs)
- Hello.
- Hello!
- I'm Shaun.
- Who?
- Shaun.
You look like you play music,
and musicians like drugs.
Common or not common?
- Pretty common.
- But I use it in a kind
of uncommon way, I think.
- Does it make you high?
- Oh yeah.
- Oh yeah?
Is it LSD, I think that's what it is?
- It is not LSD.
I use psilocybin
mushrooms, magic mushrooms.
- Oh!
Cool.
Can you describe what it feels like,
and then what the experience
is like?
- Yeah, sure, absolutely.
There's a couple different
components to it.
On one hand, you get a lot of tremendous
rushes of energy through the body.
It's kinda like stepping
into an open volcano
and just getting, like, blasted up.
Like, your whole body could be shaking.
- Okay, I'm vibing with that.
That's some cool shit, I don't know why
I didn't think about
shrooms in that category.
Okay, bye!
You look like you work in
construction and skateboard,
or some shit.
I feel like every single person I met
in construction did coke.
I feel like those two things go together.
What do you, what's up?
- Opiates.
- What's a opiate?
- Painkillers.
- Okay, what was it like?
Was it just like numby, was it floaty?
- When it peaks, it's just
a warm feeling that starts.
- When it peaks.
- In your center.
And spreads out to the rest of your body.
- You got a story to
tell, that's pretty cool.
Is it common or not common?
- In the gay community, yes.
- Poppers?
(they both laugh)
- Want some?
- He got it!
Oh no, that's some gay shit!
What's the feeling like?
- Um, gives you a rush.
Makes you warm, makes your
heart beat a little bit.
You should try 'em some
time when having sex.
- Okay, yeah!
It was lovely meeting you, Henry. (laughs)
Hello.
- Hello, Kate.
- Kate!
- Yes.
- Okay.
- How's it going?
- It's going, Kate, shit.
You do coke, don't you Kate?
When's the last time you did it?
- This morning?
- Yes, yes!
And what's your frequency at this point?
- All day.
- That's probably coke.
- I do coke.
- I know. (laughs)
- I do mushrooms every Friday.
- Yes, okay!
- And I also have been
in the weed industry
since I was 14 years old.
- Wow, it was lovely meeting you.
- You too.
- You have a good one.
I knew it was coke.
- My name is Mimi.
- Mimi!
- Yeah.
- But yeah, you're good,
you're fun to look at.
You look like a party monster.
I wouldn't be surprised if
you like, huffed spraypaint,
or some crazy-ass shit.
Coke and LSD, that's the final answer.
- Coke and LSD?
I don't do coke.
But yeah, acid's my favorite one.
- Why?
- I feel like I've learned
a lot about myself, and
about how I want to navigate
my life from doing acid,
and when I do acid, it's a way of,
getting out of my head a little bit,
and thinking about my
surroundings, and like,
life differently.
- Okay, I can see that.
- One time, I threw up at the zoo on acid.
- That was good?
- Yeah.
- Common or not common?
- Extremely common.
- That's good, that's good.
'Cause I can guess that.
- Is it social or is it
like a personal thing?
- It's social in like getting it,
but once you get it--
- Then you go home.
- You like, go home and lock the door.
- Ah.
(she laughs)
- Question, are you injecting?
- Yes, I used to, I've
been clean for over a year.
- Congratulations on being clean.
Was it heroin?
- Yes.
- It's heroin?
- Yep.
I'm surprised, no one ever
guesses what I used to do.
- I wouldn't have guessed heroin,
but I see you in, like,
really dark moments,
like, for real, like in a corner,
would you have a spoon,
was there a spoon involved?
- Oh yeah.
That's how you cook the dope
so you can shoot it into your arm.
- I'm so happy that you're past that.
- Yeah, me too.
- Did you have to get, like, rehab,
did somebody find you or something?
- My dad found me unresponsive
in my room a couple times.
- Oh shit.
- And, uh,
I just cried in his arms,
I was like I can't do this,
I can't live clean, I can't live using,
like, I'm just a fuck-up
no matter what I do.
And then, a year later, I loved it.
- Okay.
- I loved being clean.
- I'm very happy to hear that.
(everyone in studio claps)
- I learned a lot about drugs today.
I got things I gotta try.
I'm gonna go smoke a
blunt and call it a day.
Thank you!
(everyone in studio claps)